Inlet docs for simple types (#408)
LLNL/axom: src/axom/inlet/docs/sphinx/simple_types.rst

############
Simple Types
############

> To help structure your input file, Inlet categories the information into

Reviewer: categories -> categorizes

two types: Fields and Tables.

Fields refer to the individual scalar values that are either at the global level or

> that is contained inside of a Table.

Reviewer: that is -> that are

Author: can just remove the "that is" entirely

> Tables can contain multiple Fields, as well as, a single array, and a single dictionary.

Reviewer: Tables can also contain other tables (sub-tables)

.. note::  There is an inherent global Table that holds all global level Fields.  This can be
  accessed via your `Inlet` class instance.

*******
Fields
*******

> In Inlet, Fields represent an individual scalar value. There are four supported

Reviewer: I'm not sure if we should use the word "primitive" here (or where I commented above).  It's used all over in the implementation, but it might also be useful to say that Field <-> a primitive.

Accessing
---------

Accessing field values stored in Inlet can be accessed via their name with the ``[]`` operator.

.. literalinclude:: ../../examples/fields.cpp
   :start-after: _inlet_simple_types_fields_access_start
   :end-before: _inlet_simple_types_fields_access_end
   :language: C++

Here is an example of how to check if the input file contained an optional field:

.. literalinclude:: ../../examples/fields.cpp
   :start-after: _inlet_simple_types_fields_contains_start
   :end-before: _inlet_simple_types_fields_contains_end
   :language: C++

******
Tables
******

Tables help with grouping associated data together into a single container. Tables can
contain multiple individually named Fields, as well as, a single array, and a single
dictionary.    

In this example, we will be using the following part of an input file:

.. literalinclude:: ../../examples/tables.cpp
   :start-after: _inlet_simple_types_tables_input_start
   :end-before: _inlet_simple_types_tables_input_end
   :language: lua

Defining And Storing
--------------------

This example shows how to add a Table with a nested Table to the
input file schema and add the underlying field values to the Sidre

> DataStore to be accessed later.

Reviewer: Since `addStruct` is now the preferred way of doing this, it might be good to add a snippet here explaining the correspondence that I discuss here: 
https://github.com/LLNL/axom/blob/25c6333c3c05f9e1ca1870e07152b80cdd2dfe90/src/axom/inlet/examples/nested_structs.cpp#L63-L65

############
Simple Types
############

To help structure your input file, Inlet categorizes the information into
two types: Fields and Tables.

Fields refer to the individual scalar values that are either at the global level or
that are contained inside of a Table.

Tables can contain multiple Fields, other sub-Tables, as well as a single array or a single dictionary.

> .. note::  There is an inherent global Table that holds all global level Fields.  This can be

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: remove `inherent`

```suggestion
.. note::  Inlet uses a global Table that holds all top-level Fields.  This can be
```

  accessed via your `Inlet` class instance.

*******
Fields
*******

In Inlet, Fields represent an individual scalar value of primitive type.
There are four supported field types: ``bool``, ``int``, ``double``, and ``string``.

In this example we will be using the following part of an input file:

.. literalinclude:: ../../examples/fields.cpp
   :start-after: _inlet_simple_types_fields_input_start
   :end-before: _inlet_simple_types_fields_input_end
   :language: lua

Defining And Storing
--------------------

This example shows how to add the four simple field types with descriptions to the

> input file schema and add their values, if present in the input file, to the Sidre

Reviewer 2: I am not sure if the relationship b/w Inlet and Sidre is clear from the docs. 
It is hinted at, but not explicitly spelled out.

Perhaps a brief section or at least a sentence at the top-level stating this relationship would help?
E.g.  something like:
> Inlet stores the parsed information within a group of a Sidre Datastore.

Author: I added an extra paragraph to the introduction.

DataStore to be accessed later.

> .. literalinclude:: ../../examples/fields.cpp

Reviewer 2: The code snippet here might benefit from some comments. E.g.

```cpp
  // register a boolean with inlet's (associated with its top-level table)
  inlet.addBool("a_simple_bool", "A description of a_simple_bool");

  // register an int with inlet
  inlet.addInt("a_simple_int", "A description of a_simple_int");

  // register a double with inlet and mark it as required
  inlet.addDouble("a_simple_double", "A description of a_simple_double").required();

  // register a string with inlet
  inlet.addString("a_simple_string", "A description of a_simple_string");

  // register an int with inlet and provide a default value
  inlet.addInt("a_defaulted_int", "An int that has a default value").defaultValue(17);

  // register a string with inlet
  inlet.addString("does_not_exist", "Should not be in your input file");
```

Note: I don't understand the comment about `does_not_exist` not being in the input. It seems a bit confusing. What would happen if it is there.

   :start-after: _inlet_simple_types_fields_add_start
   :end-before: _inlet_simple_types_fields_add_end
   :language: C++

You can also add default values to Fields to fall back to if they are not defined
in your input file. The last added Field was intentionally not present in the input file.  Not all
fields need to be present, unless they are marked required, like ``a_simple_double``.

Accessing
---------

Accessing field values stored in Inlet can be accessed via their name with the ``[]`` operator.

.. literalinclude:: ../../examples/fields.cpp
   :start-after: _inlet_simple_types_fields_access_start
   :end-before: _inlet_simple_types_fields_access_end
   :language: C++

> Here is an example of how to check if the input file contained an optional field:

Reviewer 2: The distinction b/w the subscript operator and the `contains` function should be more explicit.

What happens if you use the subscript operator on a key that is not present?
Is it an error? Will the code crash? ...

Also, is there still a `get<T>` accessor ?

Author: I reworked this example to be more explicit/less confusing hopefully.

As for the `get<T>` operator.  There currently isn't one for the primitive types.  Only the user-defined ones that also have a `FromInlet<T>` instantiation.  This would be nice due to allowing a single line accessing in some cases since the compiler complains about ambiguity on the following line:

```
std::cout << "a_simple_int = " << inlet["a_simple_int"] << std::endl;
```

@joshessman-llnl  thoughts?

.. literalinclude:: ../../examples/fields.cpp
   :start-after: _inlet_simple_types_fields_contains_start
   :end-before: _inlet_simple_types_fields_contains_end
   :language: C++

******
Tables
******

Tables help with grouping associated data together into a single container. Tables can
contain multiple individually named Fields, multiple sub-Tables, as well as a single
array or a single dictionary.

In this example, we will be using the following part of an input file:

.. literalinclude:: ../../examples/tables.cpp
   :start-after: _inlet_simple_types_tables_input_start
   :end-before: _inlet_simple_types_tables_input_end
   :language: lua

Defining And Storing
--------------------

This example shows how to add a Table with a nested Table to the
input file schema and add the underlying field values to the Sidre
DataStore to be accessed later.

> .. literalinclude:: ../../examples/tables.cpp

Reviewer 2: 👍  Nice example!

   :start-after: _inlet_simple_types_tables_add_start
   :end-before: _inlet_simple_types_tables_add_end
   :language: C++

This example also shows that the ``color`` Field that was not given in the
input file but used the default value that was specified in the schema.

> .. note:: Although nested Tables are added with the ``addStruct`` method,

Reviewer 2: This note is confusing  since this is the first mention of `addStruct`.

I'd suggest modifying the note to something like:
> Note: Inlet also has an `addStruct` member for defining more complex types, such as nested structures. See "Advanced Types" for more details.

   Inlet does not require any correspondence between nested structures defined
   in the schema via ``addStruct`` and C++ ``struct`` s.
   See :ref:`Advanced Types <inlet_advanced_types_label>` for more info.

Accessing
---------

Accessing field values stored inside a table can be accessed via their name with the ``[]`` operator.
They can be accessed from the Inlet class instance with their fully qualified name or you
can get the Table instance first, then access it with the relative name.

> .. literalinclude:: ../../examples/tables.cpp

Reviewer 2: Is there a way to extract a `Car` instance via `get<Car>`?  
(I'm guessing this is described later.)

Author: You would have to do the FromInlet instantiation.  I was trying to keep his example as simple as possible. Maybe in a follow up example (or alternate in this file) we could show how to do that as an "advanced" car example.

############
Simple Types
############

To help structure your input file, Inlet categorizes the information into
two types: Fields and Tables.

Fields refer to the individual scalar values that are either at the global level or
that are contained inside of a Table.

Tables can contain multiple Fields, other sub-Tables, as well as a single array or a single dictionary.

> .. note::  There is an global Table that holds all top-level Fields.  This can be

Reviewer 2: Minor:
```suggestion
.. note::  There is a global Table that holds all top-level Fields.  This can be
```

******

Tables help with grouping associated data together into a single container. Tables can
contain multiple individually named Fields, multiple sub-Tables, as well as a single
array or a single dictionary.

In this example, we will be using the following part of an input file:

.. literalinclude:: ../../examples/tables.cpp
   :start-after: _inlet_simple_types_tables_input_start
   :end-before: _inlet_simple_types_tables_input_end
   :language: lua

Defining And Storing
--------------------

This example shows how to add a Table with a nested Table to the
input file schema and add the underlying field values to the Sidre
DataStore to be accessed later.

.. literalinclude:: ../../examples/tables.cpp
   :start-after: _inlet_simple_types_tables_add_start
   :end-before: _inlet_simple_types_tables_add_end
   :language: C++

This example also shows that the ``color`` Field that was not given in the
input file but used the default value that was specified in the schema.

.. note:: Inlet also has an ``addStruct`` member for defining more complex types,
   such as nested structures. See :ref:`Advanced Types <inlet_advanced_types_label>`
   for more details

Accessing
---------

> Accessing field values stored inside a table can be accessed via their name with the ``[]`` operator.

Reviewer 2: Minor:
```suggestion
Field values stored inside a table can be accessed via their name with the ``[]`` operator.
```
